Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
She's crashing, BP's falling.
Get Dr. Collier.
- She's on her way.
- What have we got?
BP's dropping. She's in V-tach.
BP's crashing at 90/50.
Give her an amp of epi,
and let's go at 200.
Yes, Doctor.
Epi's in.
- Go ahead.
- Start.
- Clear.
Nothing.
- Again, 300.
- 300.
- 300. Charge.
- Clear.
Blood pressure still dropping.
Nothing.
Doctor.
- Go again.
- 360. Charge.
Clear.
No rhythm.
One more time.
- Charge.
- 360. Charge.
- All right, clear.
- Clear.
- Hello?
- Hey, it's me.
Jack, where are you?
I'm still on the West Side.
You said you were coming to the hospital.
I'll be there soon.
Is Janet out of surgery yet?
There's been a complication. They're
working on it now.
Listen to me. Do not let anyone near
Janet who doesn't belong there.
What do you mean?
I think she might be in danger.
From whom?
I'll explain when I get there.
- Until then, do not mention this to anyone, okay?
- Okay.
- I'll be there soon.
Give her another amp of epi at 360.
Epi's in.
Clear!
Whose car?
Penticoff was paid to pick
it up and get rid of this.
Oh, my God. Who is it?
That's what you'll find out.
But somehow all of this is
connected to Senator Palmer.
Didn't leave much of his face.
They removed his fingers and teeth.
Is forensics here yet?
Not yet, he's on his way.
Call me as soon as you've got a name.
Nina, I need a favor.
It's starting to add up, Jack.
Don't let anyone know I requisitioned
this for personal use.
Personal use?
Yes, could you please pass me
through to hospital security.
Thank you.
You know Kim's friend, the one
she went out with tonight?
She turned up at St. Mark's ER.
She got hit by a car.
Does she know where Kimberly is?
It's the only chance I've got.
I'm meeting Teri at the hospital now.
Get me that name.
Yes, hello?
My name is Jack Bauer, I'm a federal agent.
I'm coming to you now...
...but I wanted to give you a heads-up
on one of your patients.
I think her life might be in danger.
Yes, I'll be there in 10 minutes.
Her name is Janet York.
Jack requisitioned a chopper
15 minutes ago...
...but he didn't log a destination.
Where's he going?
He's tracking a lead.
Ignoring protocol again.
First he assaults an agent
to avoid lockdown.
Then he breaks a prisoner out of jail.
What's the hell's going on here?
I thought we were suppose to be...
Stop following me, Tony!
I prefer to think of it
as watching your back.
When I need your help, I'll ask for it.
Yeah, we got a little off-schedule,
but we're good now.
Yeah, I know. It's already done.
See what happens when you lie?
Don't ever lie to me, Rick.
I won't.
Oh, I know you won't.
Now bury your friend.
- Where?
- In the ground.
We've got to get out of here.
What do you mean, "we"?
I don't know how you hooked
up with these guys.
They obviously don't trust you. You
just saw Gaines kill your friend.
He's not gonna let you walk away.
Shut up.
The only way either of us
is going to stay alive is if get..
I said shut up!
Sources close to the campaign say
the Senator spent the night...
...working on a party unification speech
which he's set to deliver later...
How did you get past Secret Service?
Good to see you too, Sherry.
You listen. David has to
prep for a breakfast meeting.
And the polls are opening in an hour,
so whatever you're doing...
David asked me to come.
- Why, Carl?
- I don't know.
I gotta get ready, and so do you.
So, what's the big emergency, David?
- Thought we had a game plan.
- We did.
Until I found out that my son lied to me.
That he's been lying for seven years.
What's going on?
Why would Maureen Kingsley...
...run a story this big
unless it were true?
Are you saying you believe her
accusation about Keith?
I'm saying, my son was involved in Gibson's
death and you covered it up.
Not only from the law, from me.
David..
Someone altered the hospital records to
make it look like Keith wasn't involved.
That could only have been you.
Look me in the eye...
...and tell me what happened.
You sure you want to know?
You might not like what you find if
you open that door.
It's already open. I'm listening.
The night Gibson raped Nicole...
...while Sherry was still at the hospital
and you were flying back...
...Keith went to see Gibson.
How do you know this?
Keith told me. Your son came to me, David.
He said Gibson pulled a knife.
I... took him at his word.
It was an accident.
He was defending himself.
So you made it look like...
Keith was never there.
As far as I was concerned, he never was.
Why didn't we just go to the police?
If it really was self-defense, Keith would
have been cleared.
Maybe. But your career
would have been over.
Gibson was white, David.
I still wouldn't have covered it up.
- Are you so sure?
- It was my decision, not yours.
I don't want you anywhere near me...
...or my family, ever again.
You have never needed me more
than you need me now.
Get out.
Before you finish crucifying me...
...save some nails for your wife.
Sherry didn't know anything about this.
No?
How do you think Keith
got to me in the first place?
- What are you doing?
- What does it look like?
- I said, I don't need..
- I heard.
You think I wanted to leave Janet there?
Everything just got so crazy.
All we had to do was hang out
with you guys.
No one was supposed to get hurt.
None of this was supposed to go down.
What did you think was gonna happen?
I don't know.
Smoking that's really gonna help.
I can't believe this is happening.
It is, and you can sit there
feeling sorry for yourself...
...or you can get up and help me figure
out a way to get us out of here.
- West Side.
- Copy that.
Claude Davenport, Hospital Security.
Jack Bauer.
Thanks for mobilizing on such short notice.
I put a man at each end of the ICU
corridor, it should lock it down.
They know not to let anyone in or out?
Only hospital staff, like you asked.
Wanna let me know what this is about?
I wish I could.
- Teri.
- Jack.
- Thank God.
- It's okay. I'm here now.
Oh, Don't leave me.
Don't ever leave me again, okay?
I promise. I won't leave.
Agent Bauer, I'm gonna be walking
the floor if you need anything.
Thank you, Claude.
It's gonna be okay.
- You gotta tell me about Janet.
- She's stable.
- Can she talk?
- No, not yet.
What did you mean before
about her being in danger?
Danger from whom?
Someone who doesn't want her talking to me.
You must be Jack?
Alan, yeah, this is my husband, Jack.
- Hi.
Alan's been a great friend tonight, Jack.
I'm glad your daughter's okay.
Thank You. Thank you very much.
Gave us a good scare,
but she pulled through.
When she's up to it, I'm going to
need to ask her a few questions.
Jack, my daughter's been through a lot.
If the doctor says it's okay.
The guys that Kim and Janet
were with tonight...
...Teri told me you didn't know them.
No... no, Janet never mentioned them.
Are you close to Janet?
She's my daughter.
But, you don't know who she goes
out with on a school night?
- Jack?
- No, not tonight, I didn't.
But apparently you didn't either.
- What are you doing?
- Trying to find where our daughter is.
By treating Alan as a suspect?
He can handle a few questions.
Now, you understand that right?
- Our daughter's still missing.
Of course I do.
Alan, would you excuse us
for a minute, please?
Jack, what's going on? I don't
know what you've been doing...
...for the last five hours
, but Alan was with me tonight.
I'm sorry if that makes you feel bad...
Hold on one minute.
I'm here to see my brother.
My bag? I'm not gonna open my briefcase.
- What's the problem here?
- There's no problem.
Sir.
What's in the briefcase?
Don't worry about it.
Get off of me!
- What is this?
- It's my medication.
What kind of medication?
Ben?
What is going on?
Virgil's in pain. You aren't
giving him what he needs!
We're taking good care
of your brother. I told you.
His brother's in detox. He's been
trying to sneak him drugs all week.
You guys don't get it!
That's it, out! Let's go!
I'm sorry.
Come on.
What did Carl want?
I know about Keith.
Know what about Keith?
That he went to Carl to cover up
the Gibson boy's death.
Keith was there, wasn't he?
Just because Carl wants to feed
you some story doesn't mean...
Are you sure you're not the one that's
feeding me the story?
The thing I can't understand,
what I keep asking myself...
...is why you hid this from me?
- I wanted to tell you, David, I..
- But you didn't.
- Carl said you'd be exposed!
- Don't put this on Carl!
You keep your own counsel,
Sherry. You always have.
Nothing I say to you is going to make
you feel any better, I know that.
I did what I thought was right,
for our family and for your career.
What about Nicole?
Does she know, too?
We were protecting you.
- Really?
- Yes.
Or protecting your chance to move
into the White House?
I am as ambitious as you are, David.
That's why you married me.
No, I married you because I loved you.
I thought we were working
towards something together.
- We still are.
- It doesn't feel that way.
David.
David, what are you going to do?
I don't know.
David, you can be as angry at me
as you want.
But I'm telling you, we should do
everything we can...
...to keep this thing from coming out.
It's too late for that.
I'm sorry to hear you say that...
...because you'll lose a lot more
than the election if it does.
Are you prepared to send our son to jail?
Everything was always a game with Dan.
He acted like nothing could touch him.
And I bought into it.
So did Janet.
I'd give anything to turn back the clock.
Me, too.
I spend every day trying to get away
from my mother.
Now I can't stop wishing she were here.
God, she must be freaking.
Must be nice, having a mom you like.
You don't like yours?
Not all women are meant to be mothers.
- Sorry.
- It's not your problem.
Rick.
We've got to get out of here.
Come with me.
Let's go.
Leave the shovel, unless you plan
to use it on me.
When I come back, your friend better
be in the ground.
- Myers.
- Any word on the John Doe yet?
Perry estimates the time of death
between 11:00 and 12:00 last night.
Before we were tipped on the Palmer hit.
Is he close to making an ID?
We did sent some tissue samples to the lab.
They're running his DNA
against all databases.
No, that will take too long.
We're going as fast as we can, Jack.
Put Jamey on it, we've got to take
care of this now.
- Did you find Kim?
- No, not yet.
- Is her friend all right?
- She will be.
- How about Teri? How's she holding up?
- She's fine, Nina.
What else is going on over there?
I think I have to apologize for Jack.
You don't have to apologize
for your husband.
We're all... pretty wound up.
Jack's wound up a little
tighter than the rest of us.
No argument here.
I guess I've always accepted it
as an occupational hazard.
I thought you told me that he
sat behind a desk.
The truth is, half the time I don't know
what he's doing. He can't tell me.
It's a security thing.
Must be tough on you.
Sometimes.
But you deal with it.
Right now, he's just worried about Kim.
Hopefully, when Janet wakes up, she'll
be able to tell us where she is.
Yeah.
Look, I gotta go. Call me back as
soon as you've got anything.
Walk with me for a sec.
What is it, Jack?
Why is there all this security here?
Who wants to hurt Janet?
Today someone is going to
try to kill David Palmer.
What?
That's why I was brought in last night.
Why is Janet in danger?
Because she was with Kim.
Our daughter's missing.
Are you saying it relates to an
assassination attempt?
They must know that I've been
assigned to protect Palmer.
And you think this person kidnapped Kim?
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
I know this is all happening because of me.
I've tried to keep a wall
between my work and my family.
The wall's coming down, and now
I don't know what to do.
Okay.
- What do they want from you?
- I don't know yet.
What are the police doing?
I couldn't call them. I can't
without risking Kim's life.
- What if it's too late?
- It's not too late.
Kim is okay. They took her for a reason,
and that was not to hurt her.
- Okay.
- Honey...
...I promise you,
we are going to get her back.
I'm so sorry.
I need you in forensics.
I'm about to crack the outer shell.
You said that two hours ago.
This keycard is our best lead
on the Palmer hit.
I'm not dropping the keycard.
I've called in Milo.
Milo's an outside contractor.
Which is why we can trust him.
I can do this. I'm as good as Milo.
Not with this kind of thing you're not,
and I can't wait.
Jack wants you on this.
I'll brief you on the way.
He thinks it's a male Caucasian...
- Who is it?
- David.
Sorry to wake you like this,
Mike, but something's come up.
I was hoping to keep you out of it.
I'm your Chief of Staff, David.
I shouldn't be kept out of anything.
It was a private matter.
You're running for president.
Nothing's private any more.
Where you going?
They moved Janet upstairs to the ICU.
She's out of recovery?
She's a little groggy, but she's awake.
- Alan, that's wonderful.
- Yeah, thank you.
Alan, I owe you an apology. I'm sorry.
You don't need to be. I understand exactly
what you're going through.
Excuse me.
- Bauer.
- We found something.
X-rays show a surgical pin
in John Doe's ankle.
Turns out it's not standard. It's
custom-made, one-of-a-kind.
That means we can trace it to the
surgeon who implanted it.
Jamey's searching the AMA database,
crosschecking it with the manufacturer.
Hopefully, we'll have this guy's name
within the hour.
Sooner is better. I gotta go.
Call me as soon as you've got something.
The minute Maureen breaks the story,
you'll free-fall in the polls.
Then the media will start
churning this thing, 24/7.
They'll pick you clean, then go to
work on the bones.
Chances are, the party will try to cut bait.
So I'd say you're textbook unelectable.
So I'm right to withdraw from the race.
No, that's the last thing you should do.
You just got through telling me I can't win.
I told you what to expect so you can.
If we handle this right, I think
you can come back from this.
David.
You're the most important
presidential candidate...
...this country's had in a long time.
Like it or not, fair or not,
you're making history.
My son was involved in another man's death.
It was an accident.
Okay, then what if some judge
rules it was...
How do we justify the cover-up?
All of them...
...Sherry, Keith, Nicole...
...kept this from the police.
I don't want to seem crass, but the
important thing is you didn't cover it up.
You didn't know.
What does that say about me?
Not knowing the most important things
about my family.
I'm not saying it's not a hard sell.
The election is still six months away.
The voters know how to forgive.
You just have to know how to ask for it.
Do you still want the job, David?
You know I do.
Then you need to come out
with the story yourself...
...before Maureen Kingsley.
Make it the first thing you say
at the breakfast.
I just don't know how my family's
going to feel about that.
Find out fast, because you can't
do this without them.
When you come clean...
...be damned sure your family is
standing next to you.
I did an extensive neurological exam
which showed no spinal injury.
She suffered multiple fractures,
but nothing she can't recover from.
What went wrong in surgery?
When they tried to stop internal bleeding,
she had a cardiac arrest.
It happens sometimes.
But she's okay now?
The next six hours will be
critical, but I'm optimistic.
Is it be possible to ask her
a few questions?
- When?
- As soon as possible.
Our daughter's missing and Janet was
the last person to see her.
I'm not comfortable with her
being interrogated.
I'm just talking about asking her
one or two questions.
I'll leave it up to her father.
Let me go in first,
make sure she's up to it.
Thank you.
You know what we should do
when this is over?
Get some sleep?
We should take that trip
we always talked about.
You know, up the coast into Canada.
Just the three of us.
That sounds nice.
I'm sorry, Nina's following up a lead.
That was quick.
Do what I tell you, Jack, and you
might see your daughter again.
Say yes if you understand me.
Answer me, Jack.
Yes.
Now smile at your wife
like nothing's wrong...
...and move away from the doors.
That's right, we're watching you.
Walk away now, or Kimberly gets
a bullet in her head.
The reception is really bad here.
I'll be right back.
Now continue down the hall.
Come on Jack, I don't have all day.
What do you want me to do?
Go out the north entrance.
Left.
Yes, I'm still watching you.
Let's head out the north entrance.
She's a tough one, your daughter.
Tell me about it.
Would you rather go in alone?
Do you mind?
Daddy?
Hello, Janet.
You've had a rough night, haven't you?
Who are you?
Where's my father?
Where am I going?
On your left, there's a silver Taurus.
I see it.
Get in.
Open the glove compartment.
First prove to me that my daughter
is still alive.
Daddy?
Kimberly? Are you okay?
Yeah, they haven't hurt me, but I'm...
There's a metal box inside the
glove compartment. Take it out.
Tuck it in your ear.
Now say something.
If you hurt my daughter, I will kill you.
Good. There's a nice, clear signal.
You won't need your phone anymore.
Lose it out the window.
Out the window, Jack.
The keys are on the seat next to you.
Where do you want me to go?
You're going to the
office, like everyone else.
- CTU?
- That's where you work.
This is Jack Bauer. Leave a message.
Jack, where are you?
Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
- Where's Jack?
- He went to take a call
I need to talk to him.
Why, what did Janet say?
Does she know something?
They were trying to escape.
Escape from whom?
A couple of boys who got too aggressive.
She doesn't know if Kim got away.
Kim would have called if she did.
Janet says that they were being
held in a house up in Bel Air.
That's the address?
We should give it to the police.
Jack is the police.
Jack, pick up.
This is Jack Bauer. Leave a message.
He's not answering.
Jack, listen, it's me again.
Janet may know where Kimberly is.
Would you please call me as soon
as you get this, okay?
Jack?
He was just here. He promised
me he wouldn't leave.
Keep trying him on his cell.
I'll call the police.
- No, I have to get there.
- If you want, I'll take you.
- Well, what about Janet?
- She's sleeping.
Dr. Collier says she's not in any danger
and she'll be out for a couple of hours, Okay?
Okay.
I guess I'll just call from the car.
Come on, move it.
Sorry, man.
- We're gonna be okay.
- Maybe.
I just spoke to my dad.
How?
Gaines put me on the phone with him.
What does Gaines want from your dad?
- Money?
- No.
I'm not sure, but I don't think
it's about money.
My dad's gonna get us out.
He doesn't even know where we are.
It doesn't matter.
He'll find us.
What's up, Milo?
Did you try using an S-box
inversion on that keycard?
No. Why?
I don't know, it's just the fastest way
into a file that size.
Your hunch on the AMA database paid off.
We just ID'd our John Doe.
What happened to your wrist?
You didn't have that before.
Yeah, I did.
- It happened back at the furniture store.
- Oh.
Maybe that's Jack.
Jack?
Teri. Hi, it's Nina Myers.
Oh, hi, Nina.
I have some important information for Jack.
He's not answering and I know he's with you.
No, he was, but he went to take a call
a couple minutes ago.
I thought it was from you.
No, I haven't spoken to him in
almost half an hour.
Then you don't know where he is?
No.
Nina, what's going on?
Um... listen Teri, if you hear from
him first, can you give him a message?
Of course.
There's a murder victim he asked me to ID.
Tell him the murder victim's
name is Alan York.
I'm sorry, Nina, could you say
that again please?
Alan York. He's an accountant
from the Valley.
Listen, I'll give Jack the details
when I speak to him.
Hello?
Yeah.
- Will you tell Jack?
- Sure.
Thanks, and if you hear from him,
tell him to call in?
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Everything all right?
Yeah, that was just someone from Jack's
office trying to find him.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org